OPENAI BUILD WEEK — CODEX PRINCIPAL SESSION
ORBI PVMetrics IA — Incident Intelligence Copilot

Read first: AGENTS.md, BUILD_WEEK_BASELINE.md, SANITIZATION_REPORT.md, README.md, package.json, src/App.tsx, src/pvmetrics-standalone/app/OrbiPVMetricsStandaloneApp.tsx, and src/pvmetrics-standalone/version/pvMetricsVersionRegistry.ts.

This thread is intended to become the principal Build Week development session used for the final `/feedback` Session ID.

GOAL

Design, implement, test, and document a focused Incident Intelligence Copilot inside the existing sanitized ORBI PVMetrics IA demo.

The feature must analyze synthetic photovoltaic and BESS incident scenarios and produce:

1. Priority incident.
2. Confirmed facts and evidence.
3. Technical hypotheses.
4. Missing information.
5. Recommended field verification steps.
6. Confidence and uncertainty.
7. Recommended O&M actions.
8. Energy/operational risk indication.
9. Executive summary.
10. Human approval/review state.

FIRST PHASE — AUDIT AND PLAN ONLY

Before editing:

1. Audit the repository and run baseline checks.
2. Identify the cleanest bounded integration point.
3. Inventory reusable data, components, and types.
4. Propose a Build Week architecture and user flow.
5. Define synthetic scenario schema and validation.
6. Define deterministic reasoning and an optional GPT-5.6 provider boundary without implementing secrets yet.
7. Define tests and proof of completion.
8. List files to add or modify.
9. Identify risks, including bundle size and the large legacy history surface.
10. Present the plan and wait for approval.

LIMITS

- No real data.
- No API key or runtime OpenAI integration in the first phase.
- No cloud deployment or telecontrol.
- No rewrite of the whole app.
- No removal of stable functionality.
- No commit before approval.
- No PASS claims without executed evidence.

BASELINE CHECKS

node --version
npm --version
npm ci
npm run lint
npm run build

REPORT

Return architecture, verified baseline, historical boundary, proposed feature architecture, user flow, synthetic scenarios, tests, files, risks, and approval gate.
